---
layout: post
title: The Mid South 2021 the incredibly socially distanced
date: '2021-03-15T10:31:57+00:00'
permalink: "/the-mid-south-2021"
image: Content/2021/MidSouth2020-1.jpg
categories: [ Industry, Gravel, The Mid South ]
featured: true
author: chris
---

So what'd you do this past weekend? Did you ride The Mid South? They shifted things up this year, went to a virtual "incredibly socially distant" version of the event. 

> Everyone is getting 50% of their reg fee refunded starting today. It might take a few days to deposit so be patient!  
> We are physically mailing out your Mid South swag bag with t-shirt, water bottle, and more to your front door! It will be there before event weekend.  
> If you're signed up for the race YOU'RE IN. All you will need to do moving forward is join the Ride With GPS challenge page and upload your ride/run. You must ride/run and record your activity on one of the dates between March 12-14.   
> Our partner bike shops are creating 50k, 50mi, 100mi routes in their areas for many of you to be able to ride/run. Sponsors will be sending swag to each of these shops for you to win on a first come, first serve basis after you've completed their specific Mid South partner route.  
> If you don't live in one of the partner shop areas you can upload your own course/activity from your backyard to the Ride With GPS challenge page. You will not be able to win swag from the bike shops BUT you will be entered to win from a list of GRAND prizes. We will be drawing names from the complete list of all participants that uploaded their ride/run from the event weekend on Monday March 15th. Prizes include a Salsa Stormchaser, 5 free entries to Mid South 2022, free bike shipping to and from Mid South 2022 AND a free entry to the race courtesy of Bike Flights, and our biggest prize of all the "Eternal Entry." It lasts forever. More details soon.

I had intentions of training and riding locally here in St. Louis for this, but 2021 got in the way. First, I had motivation issues starting out the year. I think I've been on the trainer once in 2021. Then in February I apparently started experiencing Atrial Fibrillation. My heart rate has been f'd up since the morning of 2/19. I went to bed late, around 1am, and according to my Garmin Fenix my heart rate has been f'd up ever since.

I've got an appointment for a procedure tomorrow that will hopefully reset my heart rhythm that will hopefully get me back to normal and get me out on the bike again.

The Mid South 2022 will be March 11th and 12th, 2022. Registration for that will open in October.

They had a Facebook Live stream today after the weekend and awarded some prizes. The coolest being the Eternal Entry. Basically a free liftime entry to The Mid South. There's a catch though. It has to be used every year or it goes away. It CAN be passed on though. 

It'll be cool to see that get tracked, will the same person use it every year? Will someone different get to use it every year?

